MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
WINDOWS 8.1 PRO
Thank you for choosing Microsoft Windows 8.1 Pro. This is a license agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or, based on where you live, 
one of its affiliates) that describes your rights to use the Windows 8.1 Pro software. For your convenience, we’ve organized this agreement into
 two parts. The first part includes introductory terms phrased in a question and answer format; the Additional Terms and Limited Warranty follow 
and contain greater detail. You should review the entire agreement, including any linked terms, because all of the terms are important and together4
create this contract that applies to you. You can review linked terms by pasting the forward link into your browser window once the software is running.
 The Additional Terms contain a binding arbitration clause and class action waiver. If you live in the United States, these affect your rights to resolve
 a dispute with Microsoft, so you should read them carefully.
By accepting this agreement or using the software, you agree to all of these terms and consent to the transmission of certain information during activation
 and for Internet-based features of the software. If you do not accept and comply with these terms, you may not use the software or its features. Instead,
 you should return it to the retailer for a refund or credit, if any.
How can I use the software? We do not sell our software or your copy of it – we only license it. Under our license, we grant you the right to install and 
run that one copy on one computer (the licensed computer), for use by one person at a time, but only if you comply with all the terms of this agreement. T
ypically, this means you can install one copy of the software on a personal computer and then you can use the software on that computer. The software is 
not licensed to be used as server software or for commercial hosting, so you may not make the software available for simultaneous use by multiple users 
over a network. For more information on multiple user scenarios and virtualization, see the Additional Terms.
May I make a backup copy? Yes, you may make a single copy of the software for backup purposes, and use that backup copy as described below.
What about updating the software? If you install the software covered by this agreement as an update to your existing operating system software, 
the update replaces the original software that you are updating. You do not retain any rights to the original software after you have updated and
 you may not continue to use it or transfer it in any way. This agreement governs your rights to use the update software and replaces the agreement 
for the software from which you updated. After you complete your update, some apps may not migrate or may be incompatible with Windows 8.1 Pro and 
additional software may be required to play back or record certain types of media, including DVDs.
Can I transfer the software to another computer or user? You may transfer the software to another computer that belongs to you. You may also trans
fer the software (together with the license) to a computer owned by someone else if a) you are the first licensed user of the software and b) the new user
 agrees to the terms of this agreement. To make that transfer, you must transfer the original media, the certificate of authenticity, the product key, and
 the proof of purchase directly to that other person, without retaining any copies of the software. You may use the backup copy we allow you to make or the